# Mod Jam Ideas

1. Frog is after flying bananas instead of flies
    / Frog gets a monkey-ears costume? Monkey sound added when fly is caught? Banana is boomerang-ing around screen.
2. Control switches from the frog to the fly
    / The frog automatically sticks out his tongue in random direction pattern. The user is instead controlling the location of the fly with their cursor, trying to avoid being caught.
3. Flies are of various different colours, and the frog turns the colour of each fly it catches
    / One fly on screen at a time. Red fly caught, frog turns red. Yellow fly caught, frog turns yellow. Etc.
4. Certain flies are marked poison, and the frog dies if it catches a poison fly
    / Multiple flies on screen at the same time. New unpoisoned flies enter the screen after their predecessor is caught. A ratio of 2 poisoned 4 unpoisoned on screen at all times?
5. Certain flies are mutant, and the frog gets two tongues that go off in separate directions if it catches a mutant fly
    / One fly on screen at a time. Every third fly is mutant. Catching a mutant fly makes the frog get 2 tongues that go out at opposite angles when activated. Adds potential difficulty for catching the preceding fly. 
        Mutant tongue goes away when normal fly is caught. Mutant frog can be purple and spotted with yellow eyes and make a weird sound instead of a "slurp". 
6. Certain flies are armed with bullets and are shooting at the frog, if hit, the frog dies
    / Frog must catch the fly before being hit. Should the frog be able to move to avoid bullets? The rate of the fly's movement would have to be slowed down/less erratic.
7. Multiple flies on screen at a time. Frog much catch them all before a count-down timer reaches 0
    / Add a count-down timer somewhere on the screen. Maybe 15 seconds. 10 flies on screen at a time. Adds difficulty with a time aspect.
8. The background slowly fades from blue to sunset to night-time. At dusk, the flies turn into glowing fireflies
    / The sky gradually cycles from blue to orange to pink to purple to dark blue. Flies turn a glowy yellow at purple. This can be a cycle that repeats every minute.
9. The black pupils of the frog's eyes briefly turn to red hearts when a fly is caught
    / Just a nice little aspect of appreciation. 
10. The frog says "niiiiice" when it catches a fly
    / The current "gulp" sound is replaced with a voice audio that makes him sound like a super chill guy
11. Scuba Frog. The frog is underwater and gets a snorkel
    / Background changes to a sea scene with seaweed, bubbles, sand, etc. Could add a layer of difficulty to the game, in terms of visibility.
12. Space Frog. The frog is in outerspace and gets a space helmet
    / Backgroud changes to a dark starry sky with planets and moons. Could add a layer of difficulty to the game, in terms of visibility.
13. The fly starts at the top of the screen, don't let it reach the frog
    / Each new fly begins near the top of the screen and gradually moves downward closer and closer to the frog, while keeping an erratic horizontal pattern. The fly must be caught before reaching the frog, otherwise game over. 
14. Flies start large and then decrease in size after each one is caught.
    / Flies begin reasonably large and easy to catch, and incrementally become smaller and smaller each time one is caught, increasing difficulty. Until the fly is imperceptable?
15. Flies are trapped in balloons that the frog must pop before catching
    / Red balloons slowly rise from the bottom of the screen. The frog must pop the balloon with it's tongue, before it reaches and surpasses the top of the screen. Doing so will release the fly. Catch as normal. 
        Maybe release a balloon from the bottom of screen every 15 seconds? Balloons move in a gradual vertical, the fly remains quick and erratic.
16. Frog VS AI Frog
    / There are two frogs. One at the top of the screen, facing down. One at the bottom of the screen, facing up. The user controls the latter. The former is controlled by AI. This "ceiling frog" competes with the user to catch the fly. 
        Potentially add a tally score to document the user's fly count VS the AI ceiling frog fly count. 
17. Galaga Frog
    / Atari-style. Flies begin at top of screen and dive bomb at the frog in a quick, straight line pattern. The frog must catch the flies before they hit him. The frog can only be hit a maximum of 5 times before game over. 
        Have the flies attack in an increasingly incremental intensity. Have a counting system to be able to attribute a high-score for most flies caught/stopped, AKA most time spent "alive". 
18. Lazy Frog
    / Each fly caught increases the width of the frog, but decreases the speed of his tongue movement. The more flies caught, the wider the frog, and the slower his reaction speed.
        To make catching flies still desirable within the game, allow the tongue width to also increase with the frog. Slower, but covering more area. 
19. Seasonal Frog
    / Experience dependent on the month that the user is playing the game. 
    In spring, the background is pink, the frog is catching easter eggs or blossoms with fly wings.
    In summer, the background is blue, the frog is catching suns with fly wings.
    In autumn, the background is orange, the frog is catching red leaves with wings.
    In winter, the background is dark blue, the frog is catching snowflakes with fly wings. 
    All of the icons with "fly wings" move in the same way, just with a seasonal aspect that corresponds to the user's reality. 
20. Beautician Frog
    / Instead of flies, have flying make-up items. Ex/ flying lipstick caught = red lips on frog. Ex/ flying blush = pink cheeks on frog. Ex/ flying mascara caught = long, black eyelashes on frog. Etc.
        But to what point? Will this frog be drowning in cake-face? Maybe let one of the flies be a makeup remove, to refresh the natural frog face. 
        Have different colours of make-up flying around? Ex/ Orange lipstick, purple blush. 
        Multiple make-up flies are in the sky? To be able to customize your frog's appearance, upon a catch?